<h1 align="center">OUDS Theme Contract Flutter Library</h1>

**Ouds Theme Contract** serves as the interface between the library and custom themes. It allows developers to create and manage themes by overriding semantic and component tokens.

## Features

- Provides the `OudsThemeContract` interface for implementing custom themes.
- Includes helpers to manage themes effectively.
- Supports automatic generation of token identifiers via Tokenator.

## Getting started

To use **Ouds Theme Contract**, add it as a dependency in your `pubspec.yaml` file.

```yaml
dependencies:
  ouds_theme_contract: ^0.5.0
```

## Package Structure

- **Package ouds_theme_contract/theme**: Contains the `OudsThemeContract` interface that can be implemented to create a new theme by overriding semantic and component tokens.
- **Package ouds_theme_contract/theme/tokens**: Contains key token files which are token identifiers that should be used in your app to get a token value. These files are automatically generated by Tokenator.
- **Package ouds_theme_contract/theme/tokens/components**: Contains specific component tokens coming from Figma and automatically generated by Tokenator.
- **Package ouds_theme_contract/theme/tokens/semantic**: Contains semantic tokens coming from Figma and automatically generated by Tokenator.

## Other OUDS Libraries

- **ouds_core**: Contains the Brand components.
- **ouds_global_raw_tokens**: Contains the token constants.
- **ouds_theme_orange**: Contains the theme for the Orange brand.

## Copyright and license

Code released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Orange-OpenSource/ouds-flutter/blob/develop/LICENSE).
For images and other assets, please [refer to the NOTICE.txt](https://github.com/Orange-OpenSource/ouds-flutter/blob/develop/NOTICE.txt).
